.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0+

K210
====

The Kendryte K210 processor is a 64-bit RISC-V CPU. This processor contains
several peripherals to accelerate neural network processing and other "ai"
tasks. This includes a "KPU" neural network processor, an audio processor
supporting beamforming reception, and a digital video port supporting capture
and output at VGA resolution. Other peripherals include 8M of sram (accessible
with and without caching); remappable pins, including 40 GPIOs; AES, FFT, and
SHA256 accelerators; a DMA controller; and I2C, I2S, and SPI controllers. Maix
peripherals vary, but include spi flash; on-board usb-serial bridges; ports for
cameras, displays, and sd cards; and ESP32 chips. Currently, only the Sipeed
Maix Bit V2.0 (bitm) is supported, but the boards are fairly similar.

Documentation for Maix boards is located at <http://dl.sipeed.com/MAIX/HDK/>.
Documentation for the Kendryte K210 is located at
<https://kendryte.com/downloads/>. However, hardware details are rather lacking,
so most technical reference has been taken from the standalone sdk located at
<https://github.com/kendryte/kendryte-standalone-sdk>.

Build and boot steps
--------------------

To build u-boot, run

make sipeed_maix_bit_defconfig
make CROSS_COMPILE=<your cross compile prefix>

To flash u-boot to a maix bit, run
kflash -tp /dev/<your tty here> -B bit_mic u-boot-dtb.bin

Boot output should look like the following:

U-Boot 2020.01-00455-gad03fd83e1 (Jan 15 2020 - 17:10:24 -0500)

DRAM:  8 MiB
MMC:   spi@52000000:slot@0: 0
In:    serial@38000000
Out:   serial@38000000
Err:   serial@38000000
=> 

Note that spi does not work! I will try to figure out how to make it work, but
for now the only way to boot something is to transfer it into ram over serial.
